Tutorial "Basics of Syne Tune" (#102)
awslabs/syne-tune: docs/tutorials/basics/basics_outlook.md

# Basics of Syne Tune: Outlook

[[Previous Section]](basics_backend.md)

## Further Topics

We are at the end of this basic tutorial. There are many further topics we did
not touch here. Some are established, but not basic, while others are still
experimental. Here is an incomplete overview:

* **Running many experiments in parallel**: We have stressed the importance of
  running repetitions of experiments, as results carry quite some stochastic
  variation. Also, there are higher-level decisions best done by trial-and-error,
  which can be seen as "outer loop random search". Syne Tune offers facilities to

>   launch many tuning experiments in parallel, as SageMaker training jobs. See
>   [README.md](../../../README.md#launching-a-tuning-job) and
>   [launch_height_sagemaker_remotely.py](../../../examples/launch_height_sagemaker_remotely.py).

Reviewer: Can you add a link to the benchmark loop example as well? Something like
```suggestion
  launch many tuning experiments in parallel, as SageMaker training jobs. See
  [launch_height_sagemaker_remotely.py](../../../examples/launch_height_sagemaker_remotely.py) for an example to launch a tuning job remotely or 
  [launch_height_sagemaker_remotely.py](../../../benchmarks/benchmark_loop/README.md) for an example
  to launch a loop of different combinations remotely.
```

Author: Good point. I am also planning to move the CL launcher to use that second option.
